c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\RavenDB.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\RavenDB.pdb
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\AsyncCtpLibrary.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Debug.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.MvcIntegration.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\AsyncCtpLibrary.xml
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Debug.pdb
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.MvcIntegration.pdb
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\obj\Debug\RavenDB.dll
c:\users\axle211\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RavenDB Tester\RavenDB\obj\Debug\RavenDB.pdb
